[DOCS] Adding docs for foreign-data wrappers (#11888)
yugabyte/yugabyte-db: docs/content/preview/explore/ysql-language-features/foreign-data-wrappers.md

---
title: Foreign Data Wrappers
linkTitle: Foreign Data Wrappers
description: Foreign Data Wrappers in YSQL
image: /images/section_icons/secure/create-roles.png
menu:

>   latest:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  preview:
```

    identifier: explore-ysql-language-features-foreign-data-wrappers
    parent: explore-ysql-language-features
    weight: 100
isTocNested: true
showAsideToc: true
---

> This document describes how to use foreign data wrappers.
> 
> ## Overview
> 

Reviewer: I think you could just eliminate these and start the page with the definition. That'll also let us bump the headings up a level and make the right-side navigation cleaner.
```suggestion
```

A foreign data wrapper is a library that you can use to access and interact with an external data (foreign data) source. They allow you to query foreign objects from remote servers as if they were local objects.

> In order to access foreign data, we first need to create the foreign data wrapper. Then, we need to create a foreign server, which specifies how to connect to the external data source. We may also need to create a user mapping which defines the mapping of a specific user to authorization credentials in the foreign server. Lastly, we need to create foreign tables, which represent the structure of the data on the external source. 

Reviewer: Second-person when addressing the reader.
```suggestion
To access foreign data, you first create a foreign data _wrapper_. Then, you create a foreign _server_, which specifies how to connect to the external data source. You may also need to create a user mapping to map a specific user to authorization credentials in the foreign server. Finally, you create foreign _tables_, which represent the structure of the data on the external source. 
```

> ### CREATING FOREIGN DATA WRAPPERS

Reviewer: This should be sentence case, since it's not actually the statement name. Also, use imperative headings ("create a...") rather than gerund headings ("creating a...") wherever possible.
```suggestion
## Create a foreign data wrapper
```

Use the [`CREATE FOREIGN DATA WRAPPER`](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_create_foreign_data_wrapper/) command to create foreign data wrappers.

Example:

```plpgsql
yugabyte=# CREATE FOREIGN DATA WRAPPER mywrapper HANDLER myhandler OPTIONS (dummy 'true');
```

> ### CREATING A FOREIGN SERVER

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create a foreign server
```

> You can use _foreign servers_ to specify connection information for an external data source.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You use _foreign servers_ to specify connection information for an external data source.
```

Create foreign servers using the [`CREATE FOREIGN SERVER`](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_create_server/) command.

Example:

```plpgsql
yugabyte=# CREATE SERVER myserver FOREIGN DATA WRAPPER mywrapper OPTIONS (host '197.0.2.1');
```

> ### CREATE USER MAPPINGS

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create user mappings
```

User mappings associate a user with authorization credentials in the foreign server.
You can create a user mapping with the [`CREATE USER MAPPING`](../../../api/ysql/the-sql-language/statements/ddl_create_user_mapping) command.

Example:

```plpgsql
yugabyte=# CREATE USER MAPPING FOR myuser SERVER myserver OPTIONS (user 'john', password 'password');
```

> ### CREATE FOREIGN TABLES

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Create foreign tables
```
